CHANGELOG: update release note for 2.0.2 (#1463)
pingcap/dm: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [2.0.2] TBD

### Improvements

- Relay log GA

>   - Align the relay unit‘s behavior of pulling and sending binlogs with that of the secondary MySQL database [#1390](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1390)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Align the relay unit's behavior of pulling and sending binlogs with that of the secondary MySQL database [#1390](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1390)
```

Author: bad macOS 😂

  - Support sending heartbeat events when the relay log feature is enabled to display task progress with regular updates [#1404](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1404)
- Support automatically recognizing the switching of upstream data sources when the source configuration needs no update, for example, when the IP address does not change [#1364](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1364)
- Precheck the privileges of the upstream MySQL instance at a finer granularity [#1336](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1336)
- Support configuring binlog event filtering rules in the source configuration file [#1370](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1370)
- When binding an idle upstream data source to an idle DM-worker node, DM-master nodes firstly choose the most recent binding of that DM-worker node [#1373](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1373)
- Improve the stability of DM automatically getting the SQL mode from the binlog file [#1382](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1382)
- Support automatically parsing GTIDs of different formats in the source configuration file [#1385](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1385)

> - Extend DM-worker’s TTL for keepalive to reduce scheduling caused by poor network [#1405](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1405)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend DM-worker's TTL for keepalive to reduce scheduling caused by poor network [#1405](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1405)
```

- Support reporting an error when the configuration file contains configuration items that are not referenced [#1410](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1410)
- Improve the display of a GTID set by sorting it in dictionary order [#1424](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1424)
- Optimize monitoring and alerting rules [#1438](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1438)

### Bug fixes
- Fix the issue of data loss during the full data migration occurred because DM frequently restarts the task [#1378](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1378)
- Fix the issue that an incremental replication task fails to start when the binlog position is not specified together with GTID in the task configuration [#1393](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1393)

> - Fix the issue that DM-worker’s binding relationships become abnormal when the disk and network environments are poor [#1396](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1396)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that DM-worker's binding relationships become abnormal when the disk and network environments are poor [#1396](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/pull/1396)
```
